Walter finishing it out starting with
six in a row and seemingly shut out and
solidyne he looks at his fingers going
hook the ball that much I'm not supposed
to do that
I'm not a Steve Hoskins has got a great
attitude even though he threw the bad
shot in the eighth frame and that's
instruction six
there's the scoreboard forty five pins
the difference with the story right now
is Steve Hoskins needing three more
strikes for the perfect 300 game
Walter the 10th grade the street side
leaves the 4-pin
except the old spare bulb we'll throw it
straight at the 4-pin just trying to get
out of the way here except the spare
with a strike here finished with 234
Mike in the 35 years of televised
bowling we've had 10 300 game Steve
Hoskins trying to make history going for
the 11th and I happen to know that Steve
and his wife Lisa and their two children
Lindsay and Ryan are going to be moving
to a new house shortly 300 game would
make that move very very sweet
very little time needs to project the
confidence
take a look at the familiar style of
Steve Hoskins and watch this ball hook
back into the pocket almost a ring
intend not really
six been just clipped it going around
just enough just enough
taking a little extra time trying to
compose himself just wants to continue
to do what he's been doing for the first
10 shots
he's got this kinda frizzy he's gotta be
excited the crowd really comes alive
when the Bulwer gets the 11th for ya
well here it is he's got 11 in a row
he's won this match beating Walter Ray
Williams jr. and now a chance at history
keep inside lane as we've seen so many
times tonight walk in the one free
Steve Hoskins on top of the world and
another game to bowl but before that
walking back to talk to him about this
trio game after this